docs: add warning for NuxtPage in app.vue (2.get-started.md) (#2244)
nuxt/content: docs/content/2.get-started.md

</template>
```

::alert{type="warning"}

> ⚠️ Your `app.vue` file must have a [`<NuxtPage />`](https://nuxt.com/docs/api/components/nuxt-page#nuxtpage) in its template to render correctly pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ If you have `app.vue` file in the project's root, make sure to include  [`<NuxtPage />`](https://nuxt.com/docs/api/components/nuxt-page#nuxtpage) in its template to render pages.
```
